today on the foot wash we're gonna make
Vietnamese sandwiches hi everyone I'm
really craving for some Vietnamese food
and feel a little bit homesick so in
this video I'm going to show you how to
make these flavorful and delicious
sandwiches
are you excited me too let's get started
first of all for the preparation let's
begin with a pulse marinade will finely
chopped 1 ration oats
you can also meet some cloths correct
but this time I wanna stick with red
shallots well a lot of shallots in large
mixing bowl put in the chopped red
channet one and a half tablespoon of
white sugar 1 and 1/2 tbsp fish sauce 2
or 3 tbsp our sauce
one teaspoon five-spice powder a little
bit black pepper and about half
tablespoon oil using a spoon Nestle mix
all the ingredients together and
superbunny to make a smooth and
flavorful marinade after that gently put
the pump in the marinade flip them so
both sides will be beautifully coats we
will leave them there for at least 15
minutes before cooking to let them
absorb all the stunning flavors oh and
don't throw away the marinade we'll use
it later okay
meanwhile for the veggies cut a medium
cucumber lengthwise and thinly slice it
we will also slice two small terrors in
the same size with a cucumber normally
I'm not really a huge fan Tara but it
actually tastes pretty good in
sandwiches so hands down this time
anyways after slicing on the veggies
transfer them to a tray or bowl add 2
tbsp white sugar 2 tbsp vinegar and also
season with a pinch of salt and we will
miss them all together and set aside for
at least 30 minutes before serving for
the bread since I'm such a lazy and
terrible Baker and inside to pick out
this premium read at the supermarket
everything we have to do is baking them
in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes until
the surface turns golden brown you can
also use a French baguette venemous
bread or any car bread of your choice
now heat a frying pan over medium-high
heat put in 1 tbsp oil and pan fry the
pork until nice little floor and
aromatic well after this bed not only
the part but even myself smell pretty
delicious let them cool down a little
bit and thinly slice them my crazy
slicing technique though I always used
my chopstick to hold the meats way much
faster than using glows bright put our
frying pan back to the heat remember I
tell you not to throw away the marinade
now it's time to make something
delicious from it pause the marinate
into the pan followed by some tbsp fresh
water gently stir to combine and bring
it to a boil then reduce the heat and
simmer for couple minutes
so thicken it a little bit this will be
our sandwich sauce if you find it too
salty
feel free to taste and adjust the water
and sugar when it reached the desired
the nest turn of the heat and transfer
to us mumble and of course don't forget
a delicious and intriguing breath every
ingredient is ready and here comes the
most interesting part to assemble this
Vietnamese sandwich first of all we will
spread a little bit butter to give it
that buttery rich and
flavor now carefully I rent a cucumber
slice followed by the carrot ones after
being sucked in the sugar vinegar
mixture they will be really crunchy and
yummy
after that boost some marinade miss
slice on top of the veggies and finally
ladder our sauce all over the filling
just yummy pretty simple right so did
you remember on the steps spread butter
I ran the veggie slice put some mixed
nuts on top and ladder the sauce you'll
note it trust me and Tara here our final
result color phone and trimming and
mouth-watering Vietnamese sandwiches
have fun making them and I will see you
in next video
Bon Appetit